{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww5900\viewh12240\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs28 \cf1 \ul \ulc1 Latest Update\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf1 \ulnone 2013 New Year performance update.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b\fs28 \cf1 \ul \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i\fs24 \cf1 // Fixes:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i0 \cf1 \ulnone iOS SDK
\fs28 \ul \
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs24 \cf1 \ulnone - Addressed an issue with reports while using OpenGL on the simulator\
- Improved robustness when reading dyld information\
- Improved memory usage when submitting large crash reports\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf1 Crashlytics for Mac
\i \ul \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i0\b0 \cf1 \ulnone - Addressed a dSYM upload issue when the Crashlytics app is first launched\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf1 \

\b\fs28 \ul December Update\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i\fs24 \cf1 // New:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i0 \cf1 \ulnone Built-in Build Server Support.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf1 Yes, you heard that correctly. We've been hard at work to support build servers right out of the box. All you need to do is.. nothing. It just works :) Enjoy!\

\b\fs28 \ul \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf1 November Update\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf1 \ulnone This is a performance update for both the Mac app and iOS SDK.
\i\b \ul \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf1 // Fixes:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i0 \cf1 \ulnone iOS SDK\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf1 - Addressed an issue with using Crashlytics with OCUnit tests.\
- Improved behavior on jailbroken devices with non-standard file system layouts.\
- Improved behavior in the face of corrupt dyld information.\
- Improved handling for exceptions with extremely long reason strings.\
- Corrected a display issue for ram usage in the simulator.\
- Improved behavior if startWithAPIKey is called more than once.
\b \

\b0 - Improved performance update.\
- Fixes an issue where startup delay is not used when settings are not cached.\
- Fixes an issue where report collection settings where not respected in rare cases.\
- iOS SDK update to improve capturing and reporting crashes.
\b\fs28 \ul \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf1 \
October Update\

\i\fs24 // Fixes:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i0 \cf1 \ulnone iOS SDK
\fs28 \ul \
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs24 \cf1 \ulnone - A small SDK performance improvement and further code tightening.
\b\fs28 \ul \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf1 \
September Update\

\i\fs24 // Fixes:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i0 \cf1 \ulnone Crashlytics for Mac
\i \ul \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i0\b0 \cf1 \ulnone - Ad
\f1 dressed an issue that could prevent an application icon\'92s from being properly captured
\f0 \ul \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf1 \ulnone iOS SDK\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3000\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf1 - Exception chaining\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf1 - [09.12.12] Support for armv7s (iPhone 5).\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs28 \cf1 \ul \
August Update
\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i\b \cf1 // New:
\i0 \
Notifications.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf1 We've implemented initial support for notifications using push. You now get notifications when someone comments on an issue on your web dashboard in issue summary.
\b \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i \cf1 // Fixes:
\i0 \
Crashlytics for Mac
\b0 \
- Now supports integrated graphics for UI rendering\
- Fixed a crash when dSYM generation is disabled for a project\
- Fixed a crash when an app is re-built multiple times during onboarding\
- Fixed an issue that could result in invalid paths being generated for dSYM caching\
- Addressed a slow file descriptor leak\
\

\b iOS SDK
\b0 \
- Updated the SDK to support new streamlined API endpoints\
- General stability and performance improvements in our effort to build the most powerful and lightest weight crash reporting SDK\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b\fs28 \cf1 \ul \
Initial 2.0 Release
\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\
Crashlytics develops serious software for serious developers. We're \ul incredibly\ulnone  excited to release a major upgrade to our Mac app. It's a total rewrite from the bottom up, with new features to make your life easier!\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b\fs28 \cf1 Crashlytics for Mac 
\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i\b \cf1 // Features
\i0 \
\
Issues View.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf1 You can now see the list of your issues right on your desktop! If you want more details, simply click through and it will load the issue in your browser.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf1 Live updating.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf1 If you or your teammates close issues, delete an app, or add an app on the web or through the Mac app, it will update live. Those changes will be reflected immediately now in Crashlytics for Mac.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf1 Multi-organization Support.
\b0 \
Part of multiple organizations? Want to switch between them? Now you can! Just click on your name at the bottom to bring up the list of organizations that you belong to.\
\

\b Application Switching.
\b0 \
There is now a dedicated tab for seeing, switching, and managing all the apps in your organization.\

\b \
Xcode Workspace Support.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf1 We've always supported Xcode projects. For developers that use Workspaces, we've now got you covered! When you add an app, just click on a workspace and we'll show you the projects inside to choose from.
\b \
\
Xcode Launcher.\

\b0 For quick access to your project, we've built a short-cut right into Crashlytics for Mac. This activates after your first build. When you click the icon at the top right, we launch Xcode and open your project. It's that simple.
\b \

\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf1 Improved dSYM Uploader.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf1 You shouldn't have to worry about your dSYM files. We've improved the underlying technology that auto-uploads the dSYM files (so we can symbolicate your crashes).\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf1 Improved New-App Flow.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf1 We know you love our onboarding for new apps -- and we've tweaked our install process to be even easier and faster!\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf1 Release Notes.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf1 Transparency is important to us. When we make updates, we can now share with you what we've improved (just like we're doing right now :)\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b\fs28 \cf1 iOS SDK
\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i \cf1 // Features
\i0 \
\
Fastest.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf1 One of the world's top apps ran an internal test comparing the startup time between us and another SDK. The other SDK clocked in at 34% of their app's startup time -- Crashlytics came in at 2%.
\b \
\
Async-Safe.\

\b0 Serious developers care about libraries that are async-safe. (That's us.)\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf1 Lightweight.
\b0 \
We've meticulously built our SDK so that the footprint is extremely small -- about 40KB compiled in. Most of your .PNGs are probably bigger than that.\

\b \
Custom Keys & Custom Logging.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf1 You asked and we've answered. Custom logging support is now baked into our iOS SDK. Our logging function is 10x faster than NSLog.
\b \

\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf1 Non-blocking & User-Safe.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf1 We care tremendously about the stability of your app and the experience for your users. If for any reason our SDK fails to do what it's suppose to do, it has no impact on your app or to your users. 
\b \
}